MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Utkarsh Goel

EDUCATIONAL DISCLAIMER:
This software is provided for educational and informational purposes only.
It is not intended as financial advice, investment advice, or trading advice.

RISK DISCLAIMER:
Cryptocurrency trading involves substantial risk of loss and is not suitable 
for every investor. The valuation of cryptocurrencies may fluctuate, and, as 
a result, you may lose more than your original investment. You should not 
engage in cryptocurrency trading unless you fully understand the nature of 
the transactions you are entering into and the extent of your exposure to loss.

NO LIABILITY:
The author(s) bear NO RESPONSIBILITY for any losses, financial or otherwise,
incurred as a result of using this software. Users assume all risks associated
with the use of this software, including but not limited to financial losses,
data loss, or any consequential damages.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice, disclaimers, and this permission notice shall be 
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.